- Collect cards as "daily" actions


Cycle: Harvest -> Encounter -> Fight

Cycle: Obtain cards -> Influence next cards -> Spend cards


Factions of animals, build reputation with each:
- Lord of Wolves (big bad angry wolf king, kind to his people, not so much to others) (ORDER) (FAMILIAL) (MORTAL)
- Lord of Deer (territorial king, shamenistic, concerned about matters of the whole forrest) (ORDER) (ELEMENTAL) (MAGIC)
- Sleepless Night (CHAOS) (FAMILIAL) (PATIENCE)
- Fortunate Day (CHAOS) (ELEMENTAL) (LUCK)
- Oxx (ORDER) (ELEMENTAL) (PATIENCE) (MORTAL)
- Bark (CHAOS) (FAMILIAL) (MAGIC) (LUCK)

Card Types:
- MORTAL (Good for mortal scenarios)
- MAGIC (Good for magic scenarios)
- PATIENCE (Grow more effective when not played, but very specific)
- LUCK (Always chance to fail, but also always chance to succeed, very broad)

Character appearances:
Lord of the Wolves- Kinda like wolf link, but with the shoulder cape things like in fe3h
Lord of Deer- Deer with a glowing skull detatched from its head.
Sleepless Night- Woman with
Fortunate Day- Woman with
Oxx- Small jumping mouse in human clothing, carries around an axe. Not acknowledged by the others except Bark.
Bark- Rukey Greentail-like character. Medium dog made of tree bark.


Mortal Cards:
Work - Set aside the time and do things right.
Band Together - Teamwork is a precious skill, seldom seen and rarely mastered.

Magic Cards:
Alter - If reality does not meet expectations, reach out and change it.
Rise Above - Take the burdens of others, if you can handle such things.

Patience Cards:
Understand - Gleaning information helps build up a stronger understanding of what's really going on.
Master - Some trades take years to learn, but you must start somewhere.

Luck Cards:
Guess - A broken clock is right twice a day.
Friends - Sometimes you run into the right person at the right time.


Every card has an outcome in text if it is an option, otherwise ("try as you might... [fail]")
Variants determine whether or not a card can be used (or for luck, an additional bonus)

Card Variants:
Work - (Build, Delegate, Assist, Fight)
Band Together - (Legion, Workforce, Search Party, Inclusion)
Alter - (Reality, Time, Outcomes, Creature)
Rise Above - (Sorcery, Capable Leader, All-Knowing, ???)
Understand - (Seek, Examine, Remember, Observe)
Master - (Weaponry, Stealth, Words, Tricks)
Guess - (Based on: History, Rumors, Readings, Personal Experience)
Friends - (Canines, Vermin, Hunters, Craftsmen, Leaders)



Card Names:
Alter [x]
Master of [x]
Guess Based on [x]
[x] Friends